hello this is prophecy watch September
15 2008 there have been major shifts
taking place regarding the world's
balance of power have you noticed the
bear awakes will we these shifts and
world power economic military are from
the west to the east from the US and
Europe to the Middle East and to Russia
these power shifts are from energy
consuming nations to energy producing
nations we should realize that these
correspond to Bible prophecy about the
time of the end what we're seeing is a
shift from the west to the east Russia
with its major reserves of oil and
natural gas and the Middle East with its
major reserves of oil today the US Army
is tied up in Iraq the US Navy's for
Carrier Strike groups are in the Arabian
Sea and the Persian Gulf the US Army
Special Forces Navy SEALs and US Air
Force commandos are busy in Afghanistan
fighting the Taliban the Russian
Federation has been in hibernation for
20 years and America has become the lone
global power over these 20 years eight
of the former Soviet states are now part
of NATO on august eighth the Russian
bear came out of its 20-year hibernation
and 10,000 Russian troops tanks armored
personnel carriers the Russian Air Force
supersonic bombers and the russian black
sea fleet invaded Georgia the Georgian
Army Navy and Air Force was completely
destroyed and the crude oil pipeline I
was on fire with 600 billion in reserves
and major oil and gas reserves that
Russia is resurging and the US has few
options on September 10th Russians
supersonic heavy bombers landed
Venezuela a thousand miles off the coast
of florida on November elements of
Russians northern fleet will be in
operations in the caribbean american
foreign policy establishment has been
caught sleeping so the russian bear
awakes will we we have entered into the
time of the end a time when the Middle
East will be in resurgence when Russia
will become a superpower once again and
challenge the West for its status as a
superpower in the world as the world
changes and shifts into a position where
the time of the end is evident will we
wake up in time and realize what's going
on the sunday in the Sunday cartoons
opus got it he says oh gosh it's
starting what's starting autumn the end
and when it comes I have to be where I
want to spend my eternal good night opus
gets it do we get it